Presumptuous
I would love to.
Why do you still want to kill people in Guozi Sword?
I'd like to see if you have the guts
Wukong
Teacher teacher is
This is Lord Li from the Criminal Department
Zheng Qing, why don't you apologize to Lord Li soon?
Student Zheng Qing met Lord Li
I don't know how much I offended Lord Li just arrived.
Don't take offense
I just don't blame it
This kid surnamed Zheng is finished
Are you the front man who solved the arson case?
Lord Hui is under
Sure enough, he is a talented person.
What's there to be proud of?
After all, he is still a powerless waste
main port
I hear you two want to despise
I just want to see it too
The excellent student and the mud leg between this fruit
Which one is better?